URL to Forked Completed URL: https://codepen.io/bdelrosario/pen/xxZxqax?editors=1100
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    It is HTML that gives meaning to our content.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    It is used for the structure of our website.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is a special flag inside of a tag to give an element information.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is used to declare the most important header on the page. It should only be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Two tags that have required attributes is the a tag and the img tag.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    At the head of our HTML document, we should put the <html> tag.

    7. What is an id? 
    An id is a unique title that can only appear on a single element.
    
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    You can add an id to a single HTML elements that you want to style.
    
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    You can use the id on a page only one time.
    
    10. What is a class? 
    A class is a title that can apply to multiple elements on a page. 
    
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    You can add a class to all HTML elements that you want to have the same style.  
    
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    You can use the same class on a page as many times as you need to that you want to be styled the same.
    
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    To get a link to open in a new tab, in your opening tag, after your attribute, add target="_blank".
    
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    The alt attribute is used to describe the image or what it is representing if the image is unable to be displayed.
   
    15. How do I reference an id?
    To reference an id you would use the # hashtag symbol then the name of the id.
    
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
    A div is a generic container that is invisible to the user. It is use for grouping other HTML elements together. A section is a semantic section of a web page that use use to distinguish a section of a page.
    
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used for describing the presentation of a page such as colors, layout, and fonts.
    
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    To select an element on a page, in your CSS type h2 {} then add your styling properties inside the curly braces
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one.
    A class is a title that can apply to multiple elements on a page. An id is a unique title that can only appear on a single element. Ex. if you have mutiple h2 elements but want to style one differently from the rest, you would write <h2 id="name-it"></h2>. If you wanted to style multiple h2's differently that "name-it" you would assign it a class ex. <h2 class="multiple"></h2>.
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    Use the . then the class name to select it in CSS.
    
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human {}
   
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A parent (first selector) child selector (second selector). The parent child selectors selects elements that match the second selector and are the direct children of the first selector.
    A parent child selector are pseudo selectors which allows you to target HTML elements based on where they are or their positions in the document
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    #div .sidebar 
    
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector selects elements that are in a specific state i.e. hover.
    
    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?
    To change the spacing between lines, you can use the line-height property in CSS.
    
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    To change the spacing between letters, you can use the letter-spacing property in CSS.
    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    To change everything to CAPITALS use the uppercase property.
    To change everything to lowercase, use the lowercase property.
    The capitalize property will only makecapitalize the first letter of each word.
    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    Add a 1px, dotted, and black border around your div like this:
    
        div {
            border: 1px dotted black;
        }
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    To select everything on a page use the * selector.

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    <!-- YOUR COMMENT TEXT HERE -->

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm -i filename

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Version control systems allow you to compare files, identify differences, and merge the changes if needed prior to finishing/finalizing code.
    It is also a great way to keep of changes made and keep every team member working off the latest version.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Good practice to commit to a github every 20 minutes.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin "name"

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
            1: Open GitHub project repo and Fork your own version
            2: Add your TL as a collaborator
            3: Clone your repo by copying the link
            4: Go to your terminal, use the cd command to go to the directory where you want to clone your forked Repo
            5: Next, use git clone <link-to-repo>
            6: then, use cd <repo-name> to cd into the new repo
            7: then create a branch: use the git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'
            8: Start to work on your repo
            9: add and commit changes on your branch every 20 minutes or so after you SAVE your progress
            10: To add: git add . 
            11: To commit: git commit -m <add a message of what you did>
            12: hit enter
            13: To push: git push -u origin <branch name>
            14: Go back to GitHub to submit a pull request
            15: In the code section of your newly forked repo on GitHub, choose/click Branch:master 
            16: From the dropdown, you should be able to select your name-branch now
            17: Choose your name and then click New pull request
            18: The PR page will load/open, make sure to click the dropdown button that says base repository and change it to be your forked repo
            19: Add your TL to the Reviewers
            20: Create/submit your pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    The inline element doesn't start on a new line and only changes the width it requires. The block element will start on a new line and occupy the full width available.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    auto

    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 